# calulator.app

I had a lot of help making this calculator, but I ended up learning a lot from it. I learned how impactful the placement of your code can be on an application especially in javascript such as function calling, arrays, variables, you name it. I also learned how important it is to test your code at all times in the event that a piece of code you typed in breaks your app in some way. However, I didn't just learn coding knowledge from this. Especially when I was towards the end of the project and trying to solve everything on my own I started to feel incapable of being a programmer and I started searching for other jobs due to having a panic attack, but I realized something very important. I am still learning and struggling is the name of the game in programming especially when starting out. Even getting assistance, a project will be an immense struggle, but in the end consistency and discipline will pay in dividends over the knowledge you sustain. Your mindset will gradually change to that of a programmer and things slowly but surely become second nature. At this point the only fundamental I am really struggling with is arrays but everything else besides potentially objects I have down pat and I hope to continue to refine my skills in those aspects of javascript as well. This project while easily the hardest of what I have done so far was a monumental stepping stone for me as an aspiring programmier in learning what it means to be a programmer and what it means to truly struggle even when assistance is given. 
